---
layout: kit
name: 'ResearchKit'
iid: researchkit
status:
type: kit
since: iOS8
icon: /resources/images/kits/ResearchKit/researchkit.png
prefixe__: 'CT'
abstract: "is an open source framework introduced by Apple that enables your iOS app to become a powerful tool for medical research."
kits:
- HealthKit
links:
- link:
    name: 'ResearchKit'
    url: https://www.apple.com/researchkit/
    description: ' - Apple'
    type: reference
- link:
    name: 'ResearchKit'
    url: https://developer.apple.com/researchkit/
    description: ' - Apple Developer'
    type: reference
- link:
    name: 'ResearchKit'
    url: http://researchkit.github.io/
    description: ' - On Github'
    type: resource
---

**ResearchKit** is an open source framework introduced by Apple that enables your iOS app to become a powerful tool for medical research. Easily create visual consent flows, real-time dynamic active tasks, and surveys using a variety of customizable modules that you can build upon and share with the community. And since ResearchKit works seamlessly with [HealthKit](/HealthKit), researchers can access even more relevant data for their studies — like daily step counts, calorie use, and heart rate.

## You’re already carrying a powerful medical research tool.

Hundreds of millions of people around the world have an iPhone in their pocket. Each one is equipped with powerful processors and advanced sensors that can track movement, take measurements, and record information — functions that are perfect for medical studies. The sheer number of them being used across the globe opens up new possibilities for researchers. With ResearchKit, researchers can easily create apps that take advantage of iPhone features to gather new types of data on a scale never available before.

## For Developers

### ResearchKit works hand in hand with HealthKit.

With [iOS8](/iOS8), we introduced [HealthKit](/HealthKit), a powerful tool that allows health and fitness apps on iPhone to work together. Over 900 apps have already been developed using [HealthKit](/HealthKit), transforming how we track, manage, and interact with our health. With a user’s consent, ResearchKit can seamlessly tap into the pool of useful data generated by [HealthKit](/HealthKit) — like daily step counts, calorie use, and heart rates — making it accessible to medical researchers.

### It’s open source. So the world can make the most of it.

Health is important to all of us, so we’ve made ResearchKit open source. Now anyone can contribute to the next big medical breakthrough, regardless of their platform. An open source framework is the best way to encourage researchers to collaborate and share their apps and methods. And most important, it’s the right thing to do.